Created and Encoded by --  Bokutox -- of  www.YIFY-TORRENTS.com. The Best 720p/1080p/3d movies with the lowest file size on the internet.
Mathematicians won the war.
Mathematicians broke
the Japanese codes...
...and built the A-bomb.
Mathematicians, like you.
The stated goal of the Soviets
is global Communism.
In medicine or economics...
...in technology or space...
...battle lines are being drawn.
To triumph, we need results...
...publishable, applicable results.
Now who among you
will be the next Morse?
The next Einstein?
Who among you will be
the vanguard of democracy...
...freedom, and discovery?
Today, we bequeath America's future
into your able hands.
Welcome to Princeton, gentlemen.
It's not enough Hansen won
the Carnegie Scholarship.
No, he wants it all for himself.
It's the first time the Carnegie Prize
has been split. Hansen's all bent.
He has his sights set on
Wheeler Lab, MIT's military think-tank.
They're only taking one this year.
Hansen's used to being picked first.
Yeah, he's wasted on math.
He should be running for president.
There could be a mathematical
explanation for how bad your tie is.
Thank you.
Neilson, symbol cryptography.
Neils here broke a Jap code.
Helped rid the world of Fascism.
At least that's what he tells the girls,
eh, Neils?
The name's Bender. Atomic physics.
- And you are?
- Am I late?
- Yes, Mr. Sol.
- Oh, good. Hi.
- Sol. Richard Sol.
- The burden of genius.
- There he is.
- So many supplicants, and so little time.
- Mr. Sol.
- How are you, sir?
- Bender.
- Nice to see you.
- Congratulations, Mr. Hansen.
- Thank you.
I'll take another.
Excuse me?
Pardon me. I assumed you were the waiter.
- Play nice.
- Nice is not Hansen's strong suit.
Honest mistake.
Well, Martin Hansen.
It is Martin, isn't it?
Why, yes, John, it is.
I imagine you're getting
quite used to miscalculation.
I've read your preprints...
...both of them.
The one on Nazi ciphers...
...and the other one
on nonlinear equations...
...and I am supremely confident
that there is not a single seminal...
...or innovative idea
in either one of them.
Enjoy your punch.
Gentlemen, meet John Nash...
...the mysterious West Virginia genius.
The other winner
of the distinguished Carnegie Scholarship.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
Of course.
Oh, Christ.
The prodigal roommate arrives.
Roommate?
Oh, God, no.
Did you know that having a hangover...
...is not having enough water
in your body...
...to run your Krebs cycle?
Which is exactly what happens to you
when you're dying of thirst.
So, dying of thirst...
...would probably feel...
...pretty much like the hangover
that finally bloody kills you.
John Nash?
Hello.
Charles Herman.
Pleased to meet you.
All right! Well done!
Well, it's official.
I'm almost human again.
Officer, I saw the driver who hit me.
His name was Johnny Walker.
Whew.
Well, I got in last night
in time for...
...English department cocktails.
Cock was mine...
...the tail belonged to a particularly
lovely young thing with a passion for...
...D.H. Lawrence.
You're not easily distracted, are you?
- I'm here to work.
- Are you? Right.
I see. Crikey!
Is my roommate a dick?
Hmm?
Listen.
If we can't break the ice...
...how about we drown it?
So what's your story?
You the poor kid that never got to go
to Exeter or Andover?
Despite my privileged upbringing,
I'm well-balanced.
I have a chip on both shoulders.
Maybe you're just better with the old
integers than you are with people.
My first grade teacher said
I was born with two helpings of brain...
...but only half a helping of heart.
Wow! She sounds lovely!
The truth is that I...
I don't like people much.
And they don't much like me.
But why,
with all your obvious wit and charm?
Seriously, John.
Mathematics...
Mathematics is never going to lead you
to a higher truth.
And you know why?
Because it's boring. It's really boring.
You know, half these schoolboys
are already published?
I cannot waste time
with these classes and...
...these books.
Memorizing the weaker assumptions
of lesser mortals!
I need to look through...
...to the governing dynamics.
Find a truly original idea.
That's the only way
I'll ever distinguish myself.
- It's the only way that I'll ever...
- Matter.
Yes.
- All right, who's next?
- I've played enough go for today.
- Come on.
- I hate this game.
Cowards, all of you!
None of you rise to meet my challenge?
Come on, Bender. Whoever wins,
Sol does his laundry all semester.
- Does that seem unfair to anyone else?
- Not at all.
- Look at him.
- Nash!
Taking a reverse constitutional?
I'm hoping to extract an algorithm
to define their movement.
Oh.
Psycho.
I thought you dropped out.
You ever going to go to class or...
Classes will dull your mind.
Destroy the potential
for authentic creativity.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Nash is going to stun us all
with his genius.
Which is another way of saying
he doesn't have the nerve to compete.
You scared?
Terrified. Mortified. Petrified.
Stupefied by you.
No starch.
Pressed and folded.
Let me ask you something, John.
Be my guest, Martin.
Bender and Sol here correctly completed
Allen's proof of Peron’s conjectures.
Adequate work...
...without innovation.
- I'm flattered. You flattered?
- Flattered.
And I've got two weapons briefs
under security review by the DOD.
Derivative drivel.
But Nash achievements: zero.
I'm a patient man, Martin.
Is there an actual question coming?
What if you never come up
with your original idea?
How will it feel
when I'm chosen for Wheeler...
...and you're not?
What if you lose?
You should not have won.
Hmm.
I had the first move,
my play was perfect.
The hubris of the defeated.
The game is flawed.
Gentlemen, the great John Nash.
You've been in here for two days.
You know Hansen
has just published another paper?
I can't even find a topic for my doctorate.
Well, on the bright side,
you've invented window art.
This is a group playing touch football.
This is a cluster of pigeons
fighting over breadcrumbs.
And this is a woman who is chasing a man
who stole her purse.
John, you watched a mugging.
That's weird.
In competitive behavior,
someone always loses.
Well, my niece knows that, John,
and she's about this high.
See, if I could derive an equilibrium...
...where prevalence is
a non-singular event...
...where nobody loses.
Imagine the effect that would have
on conflict scenarios...
When did you last eat?
- When did you last eat?
- Currency exchange?
You know, food.
You have no respect for
cognitive reverie, you know?
Yes. But pizza...
Now, pizza I have
enormous respect for.
And, of course, beer.
I have respect for beer.
I have respect for beer!
- Good evening, Neils.
- Hey, Nash.
Who's winning? You or you?
- Good evening, Nash.
- Hey, guys. Hey, Nash.
He's looking at you for sure.
Hey, Nash.
Neils is trying to get your attention.
- You're joking.
- Oh, no.
- Go with God.
- Come back a man.
- Fortune favors the brave.
- Bombs away.
Gentlemen, might I remind you
that my odds of success...
...dramatically improve
with each attempt?
This is going to be classic.
Maybe you want to buy me a drink.
I don't know what I'm required to say...
...in order for you
to have intercourse with me...
...but could we assume
that I've said all that?
Essentially we're talking about
fluid exchange, right?
So, could we just go
straight to the sex?
Oh, that was sweet.
Have a nice night, asshole!
Ladies, wait!
I especially liked the bit
about fluid exchange. It was...
...really charming.
Walk with me, John.
I've been meaning to talk with you.
The faculty is completing
mid-year reviews.
We're deciding
which placement applications to support.
Wheeler, sir.
That would be my first choice.
Actually, I don't really have
a second choice, sir.
Your fellows have attended classes.
They've written papers.
They've published.
I'm still searching, sir, for my...
- Your original idea.
- Governing dynamics, sir.
It's very clever, John, but I'm afraid
it's just not nearly good enough.
- May I?
- Thank you.
I'm working on manifold embedding.
My bargaining stratagems
show some promise.
If you could just arrange another
meeting with Professor Einstein.
I've repeatedly asked you for that.
I'd be able to show him
my revisions on his...
John.
Do you see what they're doing there?
Congratulations, Professor Max.